README.md, before:

# The Trail
README in progress

# pre-commit Hook
Contributors editing with RPG Maker MV should use this hook to keep .json files properly formatted.
```
#!/usr/bin/env node

const data_directory = "data"
const file = ['package.json']
let command = '';
const fs = require('fs')
const { exec } = require('child_process')
try {
    fs.readdir("data", function (err, files) {
        // Error handling
        if (err || files.length <= 0) {
            console.error(err)
            process.exit(1)
        }

        files.forEach(file => {
            // Load file, pretty the JSON, and write it back
            const json = fs.readFileSync(`${data_directory}/${file}`)
            fs.writeFileSync(`${data_directory}/${file}`, JSON.stringify(JSON.parse(json), null, 2))
            command += ` ${data_directory}/${file}`
        })

        const json = fs.readFileSync(`./${file}`)
        fs.writeFileSync(`./${file}`, JSON.stringify(JSON.parse(json), null, 2))
    })
    

} catch (err) {
    console.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
}
```

Commit message:

added self-compilation instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# The Trail
README in progress

# How To Self-Compile
1. Download and extract the latest version of the game from your branch of choice.
2. Download and extract NW.js v0.29.0 from https://nwjs.io/blog/v0.29.0/. Do NOT download the SDK build.
3. Copy/move the `package.json` file from the download of The Trail to the root of the NW.js folder.
4. Open `package.json` with your text editor of choice.
5. Change the value of `"main"` to `"www/index.html"`, and the value of `"icon"` to `"www/icon/icon.png"`. Do NOT delete the commas.
6. Create a folder titled `www` inside the root of the NW.js folder.
7. Copy/move all the folders and `index.html` from the download of The Trail to `www`.
8. Run `nw.exe` to launch the game.

# pre-commit Hook
Contributors editing with RPG Maker MV should use this hook to keep .json files properly formatted.
```
#!/usr/bin/env node

const data_directory = "data"
const file = ['package.json']
let command = '';
const fs = require('fs')
const { exec } = require('child_process')
try {
    fs.readdir("data", function (err, files) {
        // Error handling
        if (err || files.length <= 0) {
            console.error(err)
            process.exit(1)
        }

        files.forEach(file => {
            // Load file, pretty the JSON, and write it back
            const json = fs.readFileSync(`${data_directory}/${file}`)
            fs.writeFileSync(`${data_directory}/${file}`, JSON.stringify(JSON.parse(json), null, 2))
            command += ` ${data_directory}/${file}`
        })

        const json = fs.readFileSync(`./${file}`)
        fs.writeFileSync(`./${file}`, JSON.stringify(JSON.parse(json), null, 2))
    })
    

} catch (err) {
    console.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
}
```
